# ConsumerFinancesScatter

While there are many scatter plots that could have been drawn from this data, I found the relationship between the number of children in a family and the amount of money they spent on restaurants particularly interesting.  The reason why is simply pure curiosity, as knowing this data serves little practical purpose.  Families raise children, which become the world's future. By analyzing families, trends can be noticed, analyzed, and acted upon to improve the conditions children grow up in to ensure a better future.  Because of this, I like to study families in statistics.  Knowing this data serves an extremely pragmatic purpose.  No other interesting variables to compare to families could be found, so I stuck with something that was simple and interesting.  I speculate it is because my family eats out frequently and my parents' experience in the food industry that intrigued me.

 The data detailed in the python below suggests a negative correlation between the number of kids in a family and the amount of spending there is on food.  This makes sense since families with lots of kids tend to be lower-class.  The more kids a family has to take care of, the more time and money they need to spend on raising them, leaving less room for luxuries like eating out.  Despite the fact that families with more children eat out less, this does not mean eating out frequently is the norm for families with few children.  Families with few kids do eat out more, but a majority of the graph is skewed towards the bottom.  The reason is that these types of families are just as likely to be lower-class as middle or upper-class. One common reason for having a small family is to conserve money.  In conclusion, the number of kids in a family has a negative correlation to the amount of money they spend eating out due to having to spend more money on their children.

 
